People often tell me,
“Why, I never talked to a person
that was 107 years old.”
And I tell them,
“You know what?
I never did either.”
I would describe Alma
as probably the most energetic
100-plus-year-old lady
that I’ve ever met.
She has, pretty much,
the whole theocratic history
in her mind that she carries with her.
So you can ask her anything
about the organization,
and she can be able to tell you about it
because she’s even met
a lot of those people.
We read about it, but she lived it.
She’s amazing.
Even though she’s 107,
she has an incredible memory.
I go back quite a ways.
When I was very young,
ten years old,
we saw the “Photo-Drama of Creation.”
And it was just packed with people.
They were even standing in the back.
We were so thrilled.
We never forgot it.
And we realized
that we found the truth.
My father left the church
and he became
one of Jehovah’s Witnesses
and they were called Bible Students
at that time.
In the early days,
we went to special conventions,
and some places,
they had a big field
where they put the cars
and they set up their tents.
They even named different streets.
It was just like a little city.
I was really thrilled
to see Brother Rutherford speak
at the conventions I attended.
I got married to Harold Miller in 1931.
That was when the depression
was going on,
and times were very difficult.
Everything was scarce.
There were no jobs to be had.
Food was rationed.
People were really hungry.
And they moved in any little shack
that they could just to get by.
We didn’t have anything.
And we couldn’t drive the car,
so we used to have a little white horse
—the name was Lou.
And we went out witnessing
with the horse and buggy.
She took us all over the place,
far distances.
They would take this buggy,
and they would go
20-30 miles in one direction;
20-30 miles the other direction.
All the hard work that they put forth
has resulted
in several congregations in the area.
We used to carry that magazine bag
when we were witnessing
for awhile there.
And so we put it
around the horse’s neck,
so the horse was taking part
in our witnessing.
People knew
who was coming when they saw
the little white horse
come into their yard.
Sometimes it was cold,
and I remember wearing two coats.
Yeah, it was tiresome,
but we were young.
They would just go out
regardless of rain or shine
or whatever was going on at the time,
and they didn’t have a car.
And to me, that’s amazing
because we get so used to
the conveniences
—I guess you could call it—
the coffee breaks,
the cars, and everything.
It’s like, well,
if Alma can do it, surely I can do it.
One time,
Harold went out witnessing,
and 50 years later,
he talked to the same man.
He said, “50 years ago,
“there was a young guy
that came through here
“riding on horseback
and telling people that,”
he said,
“I think it’s ‘Armaggigon,’
he said was coming soon.”
And he remembered
Harold riding horseback
50 years ago in that territory,
and he got there again.
And that happened
a couple times more.
So it was a long life of witnessing.
Alma is so zealous for the ministry.
She does not like not-at-homes.
She wants to talk to people.
Yeah, I enjoy the ministry.
I go out as much as I can
in my old age.
We want to help the people
to see the truth.
There’s no greater joy.
I try to read the publications,
so I have a reading machine.
The letters come right out of the screen,
and I can study all my lessons.
I would be lost without it.
It helps me to keep up
in present truth.
What does dedication mean?
Sister Miller, please.
Dedication means that. . .
Some young ones might be concerned
about what they should do
with their life,
what choices they should make.
Well, here we see an example
of somebody who has served Jehovah
for over 100 years.
And we see that she’s happy
and has no regrets with her life.
And that’s an example
that we want to imitate.
Well, giving my life to Jehovah,
that’s the best thing
I could do for myself.
If I have any advice
for young ones today,
I would say
to keep on in the truth.
They have a whole world before them
to serve Jehovah
—something that endures forever.